---
title: Troubleshooting Synchronization Errors | Microsoft Docs
description: Provides some guidance for identifying and resolving synchronization errors.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: bholtorf
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: ''
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: bholtorf
ms.openlocfilehash: bb3c0684d476fbba2a23a73dd821384d32afbbab
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-CA
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5777050"
---
# <a name="troubleshooting-synchronization-errors"></a><span data-ttu-id="a4abe-103">Troubleshooting Synchronization Errors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-103">Troubleshooting Synchronization Errors</span></span>
[!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/cc_data_platform_banner.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-104">There are lots of moving parts involved in integrating [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/cds_long_md.md)], and sometimes things go wrong.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-104">There are lots of moving parts involved in integrating [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/cds_long_md.md)], and sometimes things go wrong.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-105">This topic points out some of the typical errors that occur and gives some pointers for how to fix them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-105">This topic points out some of the typical errors that occur and gives some pointers for how to fix them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-106">Errors often occur either because of something that a user has done to coupled records, or something is wrong with how the integration is set up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-106">Errors often occur either because of something that a user has done to coupled records, or something is wrong with how the integration is set up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-107">For errors related to coupled records, users can resolve those themselves.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-107">For errors related to coupled records, users can resolve those themselves.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-108">These errors are caused by actions such as deleting data in one, but not both, business apps and then synchronizing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-108">These errors are caused by actions such as deleting data in one, but not both, business apps and then synchronizing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-109">For more information, see [View the Status of a Synchronization](admin-how-to-view-synchronization-status.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-109">For more information, see [View the Status of a Synchronization](admin-how-to-view-synchronization-status.md).</span></span>

## <a name="example"></a><span data-ttu-id="a4abe-110">Example</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-110">Example</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-111">This video shows an example of how to troubleshoot errors that happened while synchronizing with Sales.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-111">This video shows an example of how to troubleshoot errors that happened while synchronizing with Sales.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-112">The process will be the same for all integrations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-112">The process will be the same for all integrations.</span></span> 

> [!VIDEO https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2097304]

<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-113">Errors that are related to how the integration is set up typically require an administrator's attention.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-113">Errors that are related to how the integration is set up typically require an administrator's attention.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-114">You can view these errors on the **Integration Synchronization Errors** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-114">You can view these errors on the **Integration Synchronization Errors** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-115">Examples of some typical issues include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-115">Examples of some typical issues include:</span></span>  
  
* <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-116">The permissions and roles assigned to users are not correct.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-116">The permissions and roles assigned to users are not correct.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-117">The administrator account was specified as the integration user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-117">The administrator account was specified as the integration user.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-118">The integration user's password is set to require a change when the user signs in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-118">The integration user's password is set to require a change when the user signs in.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-119">The exchange rates for currencies are not specified in one or the other app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-119">The exchange rates for currencies are not specified in one or the other app.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-120">You must manually resolve the errors, but there are a few ways in which the page helps you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-120">You must manually resolve the errors, but there are a few ways in which the page helps you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-121">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-121">For example:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-122">The **Source** and **Destination** fields may contain links to the row where the error was found.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-122">The **Source** and **Destination** fields may contain links to the row where the error was found.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-123">Click the link to investigate the error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-123">Click the link to investigate the error.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-124">The **Delete Entries Older than 7 Days** and the **Delete All Entries** actions will clean up the list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-124">The **Delete Entries Older than 7 Days** and the **Delete All Entries** actions will clean up the list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-125">Typically, you use these actions after you have resolved the cause of an error that affects many records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-125">Typically, you use these actions after you have resolved the cause of an error that affects many records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-126">Use caution, however.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-126">Use caution, however.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-127">These actions might delete errors that are still relevant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-127">These actions might delete errors that are still relevant.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-128">Sometimes the timestamps on records can cause conflicts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-128">Sometimes the timestamps on records can cause conflicts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-129">The "CDS Integration Record" table keeps the timestamps "Last Synch. Modified On" and "Last Synch. CDS Modified On" for the last integration done in both directions for a row.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-129">The "CDS Integration Record" table keeps the timestamps "Last Synch. Modified On" and "Last Synch. CDS Modified On" for the last integration done in both directions for a row.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-130">These timestamps are compared to timestamps on Business Central and Sales records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-130">These timestamps are compared to timestamps on Business Central and Sales records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-131">In Business Central, the timestamp is in the Integration Record table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-131">In Business Central, the timestamp is in the Integration Record table.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-132">You can filter on records that are to be synched by comparing row timestamps in the table "Integration Table Mapping" fields "Synch. Modified On Filter" and "Synch. Int. Tbl.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-132">You can filter on records that are to be synched by comparing row timestamps in the table "Integration Table Mapping" fields "Synch. Modified On Filter" and "Synch. Int. Tbl.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-133">Mod.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-133">Mod.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-134">On Fltr.".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-134">On Fltr.".</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-135">The conflict error message "Cannot update the Customer record because it has a later modified date than the Account record" or "Cannot update the Account record because it has a later modified date than the Customer record" can happen if a row has a timestamp that is bigger than IntegrationTableMapping."Synch. Modified On Filter" but it is not more recent than the timestamp on Sales Integration Record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-135">The conflict error message "Cannot update the Customer record because it has a later modified date than the Account record" or "Cannot update the Account record because it has a later modified date than the Customer record" can happen if a row has a timestamp that is bigger than IntegrationTableMapping."Synch. Modified On Filter" but it is not more recent than the timestamp on Sales Integration Record.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-136">It means that the source row was synced manually, not by the job queue entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-136">It means that the source row was synced manually, not by the job queue entry.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-137">The conflict happens because the destination row was also changed  - the row timestamp is more recent than Sales Integration Record's timestamp.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-137">The conflict happens because the destination row was also changed  - the row timestamp is more recent than Sales Integration Record's timestamp.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-138">The destination check happens only for bi-directional tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-138">The destination check happens only for bi-directional tables.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-139">These records are now moved to the "Skipped Synch. Records" page, which you open from the Microsoft Dynamics Connection Setup page in Business Central.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-139">These records are now moved to the "Skipped Synch. Records" page, which you open from the Microsoft Dynamics Connection Setup page in Business Central.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-140">There you can specify the changes to keep, and then synchronize the records again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-140">There you can specify the changes to keep, and then synchronize the records again.</span></span>

## <a name="remove-couplings-between-records"></a><span data-ttu-id="a4abe-141">Remove Couplings Between Records</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-141">Remove Couplings Between Records</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-142">When something goes wrong in your integration and you need to uncouple records to stop synchronizing them, you can do so for one or more records at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-142">When something goes wrong in your integration and you need to uncouple records to stop synchronizing them, you can do so for one or more records at a time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-143">You can uncouple one or more records from list pages or the **Coupled Data Synchronization Errors** page by choosing one or more lines and choosing **Delete Coupling**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-143">You can uncouple one or more records from list pages or the **Coupled Data Synchronization Errors** page by choosing one or more lines and choosing **Delete Coupling**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a4abe-144">You can also remove all couplings for one or more table mappings on the **Integration Table Mappings** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-144">You can also remove all couplings for one or more table mappings on the **Integration Table Mappings** page.</span></span> 

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="a4abe-145">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-145">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-146">Integrating with Microsoft Dataverse</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-146">Integrating with Microsoft Dataverse</span></span>](admin-prepare-dynamics-365-for-sales-for-integration.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-147">Setting Up User Accounts for Integrating with Microsoft Dataverse</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-147">Setting Up User Accounts for Integrating with Microsoft Dataverse</span></span>](admin-setting-up-integration-with-dynamics-sales.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-148">Set Up a Connection to Microsoft Dataverse</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-148">Set Up a Connection to Microsoft Dataverse</span></span>](admin-how-to-set-up-a-dynamics-crm-connection.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-149">Couple and Synchronize Records Manually</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-149">Couple and Synchronize Records Manually</span></span>](admin-how-to-couple-and-synchronize-records-manually.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a4abe-150">View the Status of a Synchronization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a4abe-150">View the Status of a Synchronization</span></span>](admin-how-to-view-synchronization-status.md)  


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]