---
title: Set Up Information for Contacts| Microsoft Docs
description: Outlines the tasks to specify information and codes, for example, about industry groups and business relationships, before you set up contacts.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: relationship, prospect
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: edupont
ms.openlocfilehash: ed9a7b84798ac7b0bf103329c9e06ea0468aa03b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-CA
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5788086"
---
# <a name="set-up-contacts"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-103">Set Up Contacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-103">Set Up Contacts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-104">When creating contacts, you can enter specific information, such as the industry that the contact belong to and your business relationship with the contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-104">When creating contacts, you can enter specific information, such as the industry that the contact belong to and your business relationship with the contacts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-105">Before you create contacts and record details about your business relationships, you must set up the different codes that you will use to assign this information to your contact companies and people.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-105">Before you create contacts and record details about your business relationships, you must set up the different codes that you will use to assign this information to your contact companies and people.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-106">Codes can be set up for mailing groups, industry groups, business relationships, Web sources, organizational levels and job responsibilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-106">Codes can be set up for mailing groups, industry groups, business relationships, Web sources, organizational levels and job responsibilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-107">You can set these up by choosing the **New** action as you look up to the lists from the contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-107">You can set these up by choosing the **New** action as you look up to the lists from the contact card.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="75280-108">By having this information set up, creating contacts is much more organized and being able to find all contacts based on a certain group will be more efficient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-108">By having this information set up, creating contacts is much more organized and being able to find all contacts based on a certain group will be more efficient.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-109">Every group at your company will be able to find the is information making communication with the contacts more successful.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-109">Every group at your company will be able to find the is information making communication with the contacts more successful.</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-industry-groups-to-a-contact"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-110">To assign industry groups to a contact</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-110">To assign industry groups to a contact</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-111">You use industry groups to indicate the type of industry to which your contacts belong, for example, the retail industry or the automobile industry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-111">You use industry groups to indicate the type of industry to which your contacts belong, for example, the retail industry or the automobile industry.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="75280-112">This is only possible for contacts of type **Company**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-112">This is only possible for contacts of type **Company**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-113">The industry group code defines the type or category of the group, such as ADVERT for advertising, or PRESS, for TV and radio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-113">The industry group code defines the type or category of the group, such as ADVERT for advertising, or PRESS, for TV and radio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-114">You can have several industry group codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-114">You can have several industry group codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-115">To define the industry groups, you use the **Industry Groups** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-115">To define the industry groups, you use the **Industry Groups** page.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="75280-116">Open the relevant contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-116">Open the relevant contact card.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="75280-117">Choose the **Company** action, and then the **Industry Groups** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-117">Choose the **Company** action, and then the **Industry Groups** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-118">The **Contact Industry Groups** page opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-118">The **Contact Industry Groups** page opens.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="75280-119">In the **Industry Groups Code** field, select the industry groups you want to assign.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-119">In the **Industry Groups Code** field, select the industry groups you want to assign.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-120">Repeat these steps to assign as many industry groups as you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-120">Repeat these steps to assign as many industry groups as you want.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-121">You can also assign industry groups from the contact list by following the same procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-121">You can also assign industry groups from the contact list by following the same procedure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-122">The number of industry groups that you have assigned to the contact is displayed in the **No. of Industry Groups** field in the **Segmentation** section on the **Contact Card** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-122">The number of industry groups that you have assigned to the contact is displayed in the **No. of Industry Groups** field in the **Segmentation** section on the **Contact Card** page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-123">After you have assigned industry groups to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-123">After you have assigned industry groups to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-124">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-124">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-mailing-groups-to-a-contact"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-125">To assign mailing groups to a contact</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-125">To assign mailing groups to a contact</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-126">You can use mailing groups to identify groups of contacts that you want to receive the same information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-126">You can use mailing groups to identify groups of contacts that you want to receive the same information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-127">For example, you can set up a mailing group for the contacts that you want to send a notification of an office move, or another group for sending holiday gifts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-127">For example, you can set up a mailing group for the contacts that you want to send a notification of an office move, or another group for sending holiday gifts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-128">The mailing group code defines the type or category of the group, such as MOVE for office move, or GIFT for holiday gift.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-128">The mailing group code defines the type or category of the group, such as MOVE for office move, or GIFT for holiday gift.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-129">You can have several industry group codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-129">You can have several industry group codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-130">To define the industry groups, you use the **Mailing Groups** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-130">To define the industry groups, you use the **Mailing Groups** page.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="75280-131">Open the relevant contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-131">Open the relevant contact card.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="75280-132">Choose the **Mailing Groups** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-132">Choose the **Mailing Groups** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-133">The **Contact Mailing Groups** page opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-133">The **Contact Mailing Groups** page opens.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="75280-134">In the **Mailing Groups Code** field, select the mailing group that you want to assign.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-134">In the **Mailing Groups Code** field, select the mailing group that you want to assign.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-135">Repeat these steps to assign as many mailing groups as you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-135">Repeat these steps to assign as many mailing groups as you want.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-136">You can also assign mailing groups from the contact list by following the same procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-136">You can also assign mailing groups from the contact list by following the same procedure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-137">The number of mailing groups you have assigned to the contact is displayed in the **No. of Mailing Groups** field in the **Segmentation** section on the **Contact Card** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-137">The number of mailing groups you have assigned to the contact is displayed in the **No. of Mailing Groups** field in the **Segmentation** section on the **Contact Card** page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-138">After you have assigned mailing groups to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-138">After you have assigned mailing groups to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-139">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-139">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-define-a-contacts-alternate-address"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-140">To define a contact's alternate address</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-140">To define a contact's alternate address</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-141">You can assign an alternate address where your contact sometimes wants to receive mail and information, for example, their summer cottage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-141">You can assign an alternate address where your contact sometimes wants to receive mail and information, for example, their summer cottage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-142">You can also assign one or several date ranges to each alternate address you have entered for your contacts to specify when each address is valid.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-142">You can also assign one or several date ranges to each alternate address you have entered for your contacts to specify when each address is valid.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="75280-143">Open the relevant contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-143">Open the relevant contact card.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="75280-144">Choose the **Alternative Address** action, and then choose the **Card** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-144">Choose the **Alternative Address** action, and then choose the **Card** action.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="75280-145">To define that the alternate address applies in a specific period, choose the **Date Range** action instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-145">To define that the alternate address applies in a specific period, choose the **Date Range** action instead.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="75280-146">On the **Contact Alt. Address List** page, enter a new alternate address and fill in the fields on the **Contact Alternative Address** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-146">On the **Contact Alt. Address List** page, enter a new alternate address and fill in the fields on the **Contact Alternative Address** page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-147">Repeat these steps to assign as many alternate addresses as you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-147">Repeat these steps to assign as many alternate addresses as you want.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-148">For each alternate address you may want to specify one or several date ranges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-148">For each alternate address you may want to specify one or several date ranges.</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-job-responsibilities-to-a-contact"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-149">To assign job responsibilities to a contact</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-149">To assign job responsibilities to a contact</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-150">You can add information about the job responsibilities of contact persons to indicate what the contact person is responsible for within their company, for example, IT, management, or production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-150">You can add information about the job responsibilities of contact persons to indicate what the contact person is responsible for within their company, for example, IT, management, or production.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-151">You can use this information when entering information about your contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-151">You can use this information when entering information about your contacts.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="75280-152">This is only possible for contacts of type **Person**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-152">This is only possible for contacts of type **Person**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-153">The job responsibility code defines the type or category of the job, such a MARKETING or PURCHASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-153">The job responsibility code defines the type or category of the job, such a MARKETING or PURCHASE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-154">You can have several job responsibility codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-154">You can have several job responsibility codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-155">To define the job responsibility, you use the **Job Responsibilities** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-155">To define the job responsibility, you use the **Job Responsibilities** page.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="75280-156">Open the relevant contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-156">Open the relevant contact card.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="75280-157">Choose the **Person** action, and then choose the **Job Responsibilities** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-157">Choose the **Person** action, and then choose the **Job Responsibilities** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-158">The **Contact Job Responsibilities** page opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-158">The **Contact Job Responsibilities** page opens.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="75280-159">In the **Job Responsibility Code** field, select the job responsibility that you want to assign.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-159">In the **Job Responsibility Code** field, select the job responsibility that you want to assign.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-160">Repeat these steps to assign as many job responsibilities as you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-160">Repeat these steps to assign as many job responsibilities as you want.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-161">You can also assign job responsibilities from the contact list by following the same procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-161">You can also assign job responsibilities from the contact list by following the same procedure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-162">The number of job responsibilities you have assigned to the contact is displayed in the **No. of Job Responsibilities** field in the **Segmentation** section on the **Contact** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-162">The number of job responsibilities you have assigned to the contact is displayed in the **No. of Job Responsibilities** field in the **Segmentation** section on the **Contact** page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-163">After you have assigned job responsibilities to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-163">After you have assigned job responsibilities to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-164">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-164">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-organizational-levels-to-a-contact"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-165">To assign organizational levels to a contact</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-165">To assign organizational levels to a contact</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-166">You can use organizational levels on your contacts to specify which position they have in the company, for example, top management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-166">You can use organizational levels on your contacts to specify which position they have in the company, for example, top management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-167">You can use this information when entering information about your contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-167">You can use this information when entering information about your contacts.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="75280-168">This is only possible for contacts of type **Person**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-168">This is only possible for contacts of type **Person**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-169">The organizational level code defines the type or category of the organizational level, such a CEO  or CFO.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-169">The organizational level code defines the type or category of the organizational level, such a CEO  or CFO.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-170">You can have several organizational level codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-170">You can have several organizational level codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-171">To define the organizational level, you use the **Organizational Levels** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-171">To define the organizational level, you use the **Organizational Levels** page.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="75280-172">Open the relevant contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-172">Open the relevant contact card.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="75280-173">In the **Organizational Levels** field, select the code you want to assign.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-173">In the **Organizational Levels** field, select the code you want to assign.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-174">After you have assigned organizational levels to your contacts, you can use this information to create segments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-174">After you have assigned organizational levels to your contacts, you can use this information to create segments.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-175">After you have assigned job responsibilities to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-175">After you have assigned job responsibilities to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-176">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-176">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-web-sources-to-a-contact"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-177">To assign web sources to a contact</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-177">To assign web sources to a contact</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-178">You can use web sources with your contact companies to identify, for example, search engines and web sites, on the Internet that you want to use to search for information about the contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-178">You can use web sources with your contact companies to identify, for example, search engines and web sites, on the Internet that you want to use to search for information about the contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-179">When assigning web sources, you specify which search engine and search word the application will use to find the requested information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-179">When assigning web sources, you specify which search engine and search word the application will use to find the requested information.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="75280-180">This is only possible for contacts of type **Company**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-180">This is only possible for contacts of type **Company**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-181">When assigning web sources, you specify which search engine and search word that the application will use to find the requested information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-181">When assigning web sources, you specify which search engine and search word that the application will use to find the requested information.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="75280-182">Open the relevant contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-182">Open the relevant contact card.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="75280-183">Choose the **Company** action, and then choose the **Web Sources** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-183">Choose the **Company** action, and then choose the **Web Sources** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-184">The **Contact Web Sources** page opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-184">The **Contact Web Sources** page opens.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="75280-185">In the **Web Source Code** field, choose the web source you want to assign.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-185">In the **Web Source Code** field, choose the web source you want to assign.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="75280-186">In the **Search Word** field, enter the search word that you want to use to find the information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-186">In the **Search Word** field, enter the search word that you want to use to find the information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-187">Repeat these steps to assign as many web sources as you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-187">Repeat these steps to assign as many web sources as you want.</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-business-relations-to-a-contact"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-188">To assign business relations to a contact</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-188">To assign business relations to a contact</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-189">You can use business relations to indicate the business relationship you have with your contacts, for example, a prospect, bank, consultant, service supplier, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-189">You can use business relations to indicate the business relationship you have with your contacts, for example, a prospect, bank, consultant, service supplier, and so on.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="75280-190">This is only possible for contacts of type **Company**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-190">This is only possible for contacts of type **Company**.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="75280-191">Open the relevant contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-191">Open the relevant contact card.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="75280-192">Choose the **Company** action, and then the **Business Relations** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-192">Choose the **Company** action, and then the **Business Relations** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="75280-193">On the **Contact Business Relations** page, in the **Business Relation Code** field, select the business relation you want to assign.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-193">On the **Contact Business Relations** page, in the **Business Relation Code** field, select the business relation you want to assign.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-194">Repeat these steps to assign as many business relations as you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-194">Repeat these steps to assign as many business relations as you want.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-195">The number of business relations you have assigned to the contact is displayed in the **No. of Business Relations** field in the **Segmentation** section on the **Contact** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-195">The number of business relations you have assigned to the contact is displayed in the **No. of Business Relations** field in the **Segmentation** section on the **Contact** page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-196">After you have assigned business relations to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-196">After you have assigned business relations to your contacts, you can use this information to select contacts for your segments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-197">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-197">For more information, see [Add Contacts to Segments](marketing-add-contact-segment.md).</span></span>

## <a name="automatically-copying-specific-information-from-contact-companies-to-contact-persons"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-198">Automatically Copying Specific Information from Contact Companies to Contact Persons</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-198">Automatically Copying Specific Information from Contact Companies to Contact Persons</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-199">Some information about contact companies is identical to the information about the contact persons working within these companies, for example, the address details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-199">Some information about contact companies is identical to the information about the contact persons working within these companies, for example, the address details.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-200">On the **Inheritance** FastTab on the **Marketing Setup** page, you can specify which fields on the contact card for a company is copied to the contact card for a person each time you create a contact person for the contact company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-200">On the **Inheritance** FastTab on the **Marketing Setup** page, you can specify which fields on the contact card for a company is copied to the contact card for a person each time you create a contact person for the contact company.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-201">When you modify one of these fields on the contact company card, the same fields on the contact person card are updated, unless you have manually modified the field on the contact person card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-201">When you modify one of these fields on the contact company card, the same fields on the contact person card are updated, unless you have manually modified the field on the contact person card.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-202">For more information, see [Create Contacts](marketing-create-contact-companies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-202">For more information, see [Create Contacts](marketing-create-contact-companies.md).</span></span>

## <a name="using-predefined-defaults-on-new-contacts"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-203">Using Predefined Defaults on New Contacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-203">Using Predefined Defaults on New Contacts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-204">You can decide that the application automatically assigns a specific language code, territory code, salesperson code, and country/region code as defaults to each new contact you create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-204">You can decide that the application automatically assigns a specific language code, territory code, salesperson code, and country/region code as defaults to each new contact you create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-205">You can also enter a default sales cycle code that application automatically assigns to each new opportunity you create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-205">You can also enter a default sales cycle code that application automatically assigns to each new opportunity you create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-206">You set this up on the On the **Defaults** FastTab on the **Marketing Setup** page</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-206">You set this up on the On the **Defaults** FastTab on the **Marketing Setup** page</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-207">The inheritance of fields overwrites the default values you have set up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-207">The inheritance of fields overwrites the default values you have set up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-208">For example, if you have set up English as the default language, but the contact company's language is German, application will automatically assign German as the language code for the contact persons recorded for that company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-208">For example, if you have set up English as the default language, but the contact company's language is German, application will automatically assign German as the language code for the contact persons recorded for that company.</span></span>

## <a name="synchronizing-contacts-with-customers-vendors-and-bank-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-209">Synchronizing Contacts with Customers, Vendors, and Bank Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-209">Synchronizing Contacts with Customers, Vendors, and Bank Accounts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-210">In order to synchronize the contact card with a linked customer, vendor, or bank account card, you must fill in the relevant field in the **Bus. Relation Code for** section on the **Interactions** FastTab on the **Marketing Setup** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-210">In order to synchronize the contact card with a linked customer, vendor, or bank account card, you must fill in the relevant field in the **Bus. Relation Code for** section on the **Interactions** FastTab on the **Marketing Setup** page.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="75280-211">For more information, see [Synchronizing contacts with customers, vendors, and bank accounts](marketing-create-contact-companies.md#synchronizing-contacts-with-customers-vendors-employees-and-bank-accounts).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-211">For more information, see [Synchronizing contacts with customers, vendors, and bank accounts](marketing-create-contact-companies.md#synchronizing-contacts-with-customers-vendors-employees-and-bank-accounts).</span></span>

## <a name="searching-for-duplicate-contacts"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-212">Searching for Duplicate Contacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-212">Searching for Duplicate Contacts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75280-213">You can choose to have application automatically search for duplicates each time you create a contacts, or you can choose to search manually after you have created contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-213">You can choose to have application automatically search for duplicates each time you create a contacts, or you can choose to search manually after you have created contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-214">You can also choose to have application update the search strings automatically each time you modify contact information or create a contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-214">You can also choose to have application update the search strings automatically each time you modify contact information or create a contact.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-215">You can decide the search hit percentage, that is, the percentage of identical strings two contacts must have for application to consider them as duplicates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-215">You can decide the search hit percentage, that is, the percentage of identical strings two contacts must have for application to consider them as duplicates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-216">You set this up on the **Duplicates** FastTab on the **Marketing Setup** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-216">You set this up on the **Duplicates** FastTab on the **Marketing Setup** page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75280-217">When you have found a duplicate contact, you can use the **Merge Duplicate** page to merge it into an existing contact record that you want to keep.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-217">When you have found a duplicate contact, you can use the **Merge Duplicate** page to merge it into an existing contact record that you want to keep.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75280-218">For more information, see [Merge Duplicate Records](sales-how-merge-duplicate-records.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-218">For more information, see [Merge Duplicate Records](sales-how-merge-duplicate-records.md).</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="75280-219">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-219">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="75280-220">Managing Contacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-220">Managing Contacts</span></span>](marketing-contacts.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="75280-221">Create Contacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-221">Create Contacts</span></span>](marketing-create-contact-companies.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="75280-222">Managing Sales Opportunities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-222">Managing Sales Opportunities</span></span>](marketing-manage-sales-opportunities.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="75280-223">[Working with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75280-223">[Working with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span></span>


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]